Completely cover yourself in toilet paper to look like a mummy.
Randomly ring a person from your phone and sing them a song.
Ring a family member of someone in the room and explain why you love your friend so much.
Run outside and shout as loud as you can, “I am the best person in the world!”
Mix all the sauces you have in your fridge and drink up.
Prank call a friend’s partner.
Call a pizza place and order Chinese food.
Take a shower without removing any of your clothes.
Cover up your eyes (or wear a blindfold), and walk around the room for two minutes without watching where you’re going.
Impersonate someone in the room, and have the other players guess who you are.
Act like a dog for two minutes without laughing.
Pour a freezing cold glass of water over your face without reacting.
Talk about something you regret in your life.
Put as many pieces of cheese puffs in your mouth at one time as you can (don't choke!)
Screenshot a picture of your browser history and send it to a random person in your contacts.
Log into Facebook, Instagram, or Twitter and like every picture for the past year of the first person you see.
Rip off a piece of paper and eat it.
Cover your hair with water and don’t wash off until the end of the game.
Text your mom the last picture saved on your phone.
Pretend to be a chicken for 30 seconds.
Stand up and run on the spot as fast as you can until it’s your turn.
Sniff the player to your right’s armpit.
Allow a random player to tickle you for 30 seconds.
Kiss someone’s bare foot.
Go into the kitchen and take a bite out of something in the trash.
Spritz perfume into your mouth.
Head outside a lick a car tire.
Take a picture of yourself pulling a funny face and set it as your social media profile picture for the rest of the day and night.
Pass your phone to the person to your right and allow them to put any status on one of your social media accounts.
Let someone in the group give you a wedgie.
Grab a random object in the room and try and sell it to the group for two minutes.
Kiss the second person to your left on the lips.
Sing the chorus from a random song with all your heart.
Speak in a baby’s voice for the next five things you have to say.
Take someone’s socks off and wear them like gloves for three minutes.
Slap yourself in the face (not too hard!) any time someone says “and” in the next three minutes.
Blindfold yourself and let someone in the group feed you something of their choosing.
Knock on your neighbor’s door and tell them how grateful they should be to live next to someone so awesome.
Try to lick your elbow for the next minute.
Laugh out loud at everything the person to your left says until it’s your turn.
Stand up and try to break dance.
Try to impersonate your favorite singer for one minute.
Pick out the best and worst dressed individuals in the group.
Act like you’re drunk for the rest of the game.
Hum a random song and you can’t stop until someone guesses what it is.
If you know the words, sing Bohemian Rhapsody.
Admit your least favorite food, and eat it if it's available.
Go on social media, go to your following, scroll for 2 seconds, and message the person "My name Jeff".
Speak with a British accent until it's your turn again.
Try your hardest to scare the person on your right.
Dance with a broom / mop for 30 seconds.
Let someone write on your arm with a pen.
Put 3 ice cubes in your underwear and stay sitting until they melt.
Think of a nickname for someone in the group based on their clothing.
Describe your favorite movie with 3 words and have everyone guess.
Let the group go through your phone for 30 seconds.
Text your parent and tell them you are expecting a child.
Propose to the person on your left.
Spin 10 times and don't fall down.
Shave a line into your arm or leg.