What is the stupidest thing you have ever done?
Name a Guy/Girl whom you want to date.
Say five crush's you've had.
What would you do with a million dollars if you ever won the lottery?
If you could change one thing about your body, what would it be?
What is the silliest thing you have an emotional attachment to?
What is / was your nickname?
How was your first kiss?
Who here, if forced, would you want to marry most?
Who (could be anyone) are you jealous of?
Say one thing you like about everyone in the room.
What’s your ex-girlfriend/boyfriend name?
What is the most embarrassing moment of your life?
Have you ever stolen anything? If so what was it?
What is your special talent?
Say some good qualities of your crush.
Do you like bugs?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Have you ever used nicotine?
Have you ever smoked marijuana?
What is your dream job?
Who looks the most sexy among us?
Admit a bad habit you have.
What are you most afraid of?
Say 5 negatives about me!
What do you like about me?
What are some qualities your future spouse must have?
How many boyfriends/girlfriends have you had?
What is your height?
Tell 5 secrets of yours?
What is your favorite soda?
Where / what is your favorite place to spend time?
Whom do you hate the most?
Have you watched XXX Videos?
Can you speak another language?
Whom do you love the most?
What is the scariest dream you have ever had?
Who is your best friend?
Why did you break up with your last boyfriend or girlfriend?
Have you ever let someone take the blame for something you did?
What lie have you told that hurt someone?
What secret about yourself did you tell someone in confidence and then they told a lot of other people?
Are you scared of monsters?
At what time do you wake up in the morning?
How many Boys/Girls have given you love letters?
What you do when you are alone at home?
How many times a day do you eat?
What is your favorite color?
What is your ideal breakfast?
Do you love, hate, or are indifferent to coffee?
What is your favorite band / artist?
What is your favorite movie?
What is your least favorite genre of music?
What was / is your favorite subject in school?
Have you ever slipped and fell on ice?
What is your favorite type of weather?
If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you go?
Who is someone you look up to?
What is the worst experience you've had on a date?
How have you been?